This project is based on the theory of Froebel
Gifts and starts from the main rules, which
include "transformable", "construction", "new
rule", "make imagination." In addition, I break the
barrier of simply playing with automatic control
mechanisms. As a result, the way we play with
toys becomes interactive. The purpose of this
project is to create a constructive toy in a simple
pattern.
Inspired by the chequered tiling pattern, which
was adapted in the logo of the Tokyo 2020
Olympics, I continuously demonstrate the
transforming method and the motion trail. Then,
I develop a set of Transformable Puzzles and
an interactive installation, Kaleidoscope, which
can automatically transform into different forms
when the spectator gets closer and returns to
the waiting state when the spectators leave.
As a result, the way we play with toys becomes
interactive.

Kaleidoscope is an installation auto-controlled by Arduino and driven by a motor set in
the base. The distance between spectators and the device decides the direction of motor
rotation which leads to opening or closing the shell above. As a result, the visual impact is
similar to a blossoming flower. In addition, I set some pieces of glass on the inner sides of
the shells and turn the light on during the moving process; therefore, if the spectators view
the installation from the top, it would look like a transforming kaleidoscope.

To achieve the auxetic effect of tiling, I figured
out that the most challenging point to overcome
is the joint which should be strong enough to
open and close repeatedly. I use the hinge with
a screw as the connection. Then, I found that the
moving trail would be limited since the screw met
the nearest side of the puzzle. Hence, I set a pair
of void spaces on each side for the screw.

To make the installation interact with viewers, I
used Arduino to control the motor automatically.
The open/close state depends on the distance
and the viewing angle of viewers. Therefore,
when the viewer gets closer to the installation
[if(0<distance<=50)], the motor will turn
clockwise and make a blossoming visual impact
and vice versa. When the spectator is leaving
[if(50<distance<=100)], the motor will turn
counter-clockwise. Finally, return to the closing
state and wait for the next viewer to figure it
out.